[libc++] Remove the allocator<const T> extension (#102655)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/docs/ReleaseNotes/20.rst

  ``_LIBCPP_ENABLE_REMOVED_WEEKDAY_RELATIONAL_OPERATORS`` macro that was used to re-enable this extension will be
  ignored in LLVM 20.

> - The ``_LIBCPP_ENABLE_REMOVED_ALLOCATOR_CONST`` macro will no longer have an effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``_LIBCPP_ENABLE_REMOVED_ALLOCATOR_CONST`` macro no longer has any effect. ``std::allocator<const T>`` is not supported as an extension anymore, please migrate any code that uses e.g. ``std::vector<const T>`` to be standards conforming.
```
